SMSI-838: Expose VPN relay SS (#174)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-server-api-openapi: .changeset/forty-seas-prove.md

---
'fingerprint-pro-server-api-openapi': minor
---

> Add the relay field to the VPN Detection Smart Signal methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `relay` detection method to the VPN Detection Smart Signal
```

> **visitors**: Add the relay field to the VPN Detection Smart Signal methods

Author: Webhooks as well, because VPN info is present everywhere

> **visitors**: Add the relay field to the VPN Detection Smart Signal methods

Reviewer 2: For such general cases we could ignore scope and just have 
```suggestion
Add the relay field to the VPN Detection Smart Signal methods
```

> **visitors**: Add the relay field to the VPN Detection Smart Signal methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `relay` detection method to the VPN Detection Smart Signal
```

Author: There were rebase issues, brought them back
